fix: rename RAG to Knowledges in Docling and Milvus extension labels (#1648)
kortex-hub/kortex: extensions/milvus/README.md

# Milvus Knowledges Provider Extension

> This extension provides Milvus vector database integration for Knowledges (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) functionality in Kaiden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension provides Milvus vector database integration to create Knowledges environment in Kaiden using the RAG methodology (Retrieval-Augmented Generation).
```
